Sure enough, there are balloons
There are indeed too many doubts about the destruction of the Su family
The forces involved are even more intricate
It's incredibly complicated.
It's hard to imagine how sensational it was
And in terms of time
It happened to be when the old owner took you in.
Plus the engagement of Li Yuqin's family
Everything is too coincidental
It's hard not to associate.
Imagine it
It's better to take the initiative
I will return to the Dragon Palace to gather the dragon positions.
I'll check this out myself
If I check as the Lord of the Little Dragon
The truth is probably still not coming out
Even if you find it then
And it didn't turn out to be a real outlaw.
Then you mean to pass on my order.
Block all news about me
Since the identity of the Great Xia Dragon Lord cannot return to Kyoto
Then I will use Xiao Chen's identity to break through
I'd like to see it
This imperial capital
Longtan tiger's den
How dangerous is it?
Mr. Xiao, the main force of Sun Long
We made an appointment yesterday to meet tonight
Let's find a place to talk about engagement now
Yeah, I agree.
Mr. Xiao, I know you are Qianlong Yuyuan
Hidden
But this imperial capital is not an ordinary place
It's not just the jackals.
More breasted tiger Hidden dragon
Do you know what this engagement means to him?
Lu Taiping is boring
Mountain Taipanduan is boring
I happened to hear that the road to the imperial capital is not easy to walk
Mountains are not easy to climb
I'd rather go for a walk
climb up
I have decided on this marriage